= 4.0.0 / TBC

Re-implementation of the audit logging feature - this unfortunately is a backwards incompatible change, hence the major version bump. As part of the database migration it **will** truncate your audit_records table. Audit logging is now permanently on (with no option to remove).

= 3.5.11 / 2021-10-18

Update target ruby version to 2.7.4 and update (gem) dependencies.

Numerous security updates.

= 3.5.10 / 2020-06-03

Update target ruby version to 2.6.6, (test suite still runs on 2.5 also).

Numerous security updates.

= 3.5.9 / 2018-11-16

Update dependencies including a security patch for rack.

= 3.5.8 / 2018-11-12

Bugfix - use the prometheus-client-mmap gem for consistent server metrics when using a multi-process web server.

= 3.5.7 / 2018-10-31

Bugfix, when a user deletes a feature on a group page, redirect back to that group page. Thanks @maxprokopiev!

= 3.5.6 / 2018-10-02

Update the docker image to run as an unprivileged user.

Update the target ruby version to 2.5.1.

= 3.5.5 / 2018-09-27

Update gem dependencies including a security patch on sinatra.

Add in a /metrics endpoint for prometheus to give basic http request metrics

= 3.5.4 / 2018-08-03

Added create/update timestamps to the features.

Fixed the date-pickers on the edit pages.

Some stylistic changes to the features table.

Thanks @samzilverberg for the updates. :)

= 3.5.3 / 2018-07-17

Dockerfile update to include additional packages:

- openssl
- ca-certificates

This solves some SSL issues on alpine based images.

= 3.5.2 / 2018-07-17

Addition of a new ENV variable `LOG_LEVEL`. By default Bandiera will log at
`INFO` upwards, if this is not your preference, you can now change this using
this variable. Accepted inputs are the constants in
[Logger::Severity](https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.1/libdoc/logger/rdoc/Logger/Severity.html)
i.e. `DEBUG`, `INFO` etc.

Added some DEBUG logging outputting the response from Bandiera to a v2 API
request. This doesn't contain any user identifying data, but can be useful for
users/admins when debugging flag/api issues.

= 3.5.1 / 2018-07-13

Addition of a new ENV variable `STACKDRIVER_JSON_LOGGER` - if this is present
at runtime, the logs will be output in JSON that is suitable for being consumed
by Google Cloud's Stackdriver logging.

Addition of a new ENV variable `SENTRY_DSN` - if this is present at runtime
errors will be reported to the configured project on
[sentry.io](https://sentry.io).

= 3.5.0 / 2018-05-18

Addition of a new groups page on the bandiera UI. Thanks @samzilverberg!

= 3.4.2 / 2018-05-16

Update logging to remove user identifiable data in preparation for the GDPR
laws to come into effect. Bandiera no longer logs ip addresses or user
identities (if ran under basic auth), and will not log the `user_group` URL
param by default. This can be re-enabled by setting the environment variable
"SHOW_USER_GROUP_IN_LOGS" to "true" if it is desired.

= 3.4.1 / 2018-03-07

New feature - audit logs. Whenever a feature is created, changed or removed
the activity is output to the logs; if an environment variable of
`RECORD_AUDIT_RECORDS` is set to `true`, these log messages will be persisted
in the database. Thanks @jshiell!

New feature - healthcheck endpoints. `/healthz`, `/status/live` and
`/status/ready` can now be probed by external healthcheck applications.

= 3.4.0 / 2018-02-23

New feature - the in-memory feture cache is now configureable via `CACHE_SIZE`
and `CACHE_TTL` environment variables. Thanks @jshiell!

= 3.3.3 / 2018-02-20

Update all dependent gems (inc. nokogiri security patches)

= 3.3.2 / 2017-09-27

Add the ability to enable CORS headers for the v2 API (via an ENV variable)

= 3.3.1 / 2017-09-21

Update all dependent gems (inlcuding nokogiri security patch -
https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/1673)

= 3.3.0 / 2017-09-18

Introduce an in-process cache for feature service requests. Thanks @jshiell
for the contribution and @baob for the contributions to the specs! :)

Update the base ruby version to 2.4.2

= 3.2.1 / 2017-05-23

Update all dependent gems - including a major security update for nokogiri.

= 3.2.0 / 2017-04-24

New feature - allow feature flags to be time-boxed, i.e. have a defined start
and end time. Thanks @mattrayner!

Update the base ruby version to 2.4.1

= 3.1.5 / 2017-04-04

Update all dependent gems (including nokogiri security patch -
https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/1615).

= 3.1.4 / 2016-10-28

Update all dependent gems. Switch docker container image to be based off
alpine linux - this makes the resulting image much smaller.

= 3.1.3 / 2016-06-29

Update all dependent gems - including a major security update for nokogiri.

= 3.1.2 / 2016-06-21

Add stricter validation on group and feature names to prevent whitespace being
entered.

= 3.1.1 / 2016-02-16

Move the Bandiera codebase into the `springernature` organisation and update
the copyright.

= 3.1.0 / 2016-02-11

Update Airbrake code to support the v5 (Airbrake) API

= 3.0.0 / 2016-02-08

Removed support for a `config/database.yml` file. Use environment variables
people.

Docker setup updated to use docker-machine and docker-compose. Thanks @kimptoc!

Some extra explanatory text added to % and user group UI fields. Thanks
@philcowans!

Removed a potential thread safety issue in the way we were loading erubis.

Updated default ruby version to 2.3.0, and updated gem dependencies.

= 2.3.4 / 2015-11-23

Gem dependency updates.

= 2.3.3 / 2015-07-02

[Bugfix] Escape all user generated content in the GUI.

Update documentation and add setup for deploying quickly to Heroku.

= 2.3.2 / 2015-03-16

[Enhancement] Add in support for New Relic RPM - if a config/newrelic.yml file
is present upon deployment, Bandiera will start reporting metrics to New Relic.

Updated font-end and gem dependencies.

= 2.3.1 / 2015-02-11

[Bugfix] Resolve an issue on combined user group/percentage features where the
percentage calc just wasn't working

[Enhancement] Remove the FeatureUser model/table and make the percentage
calculation more efficient

[Operations] Increase the Sequel threadpool size to 24 (as 10 was too low with
expected workloads)

Added a docker/fig based development environment setup

Added a Guardfile for use with guard

= 2.3.0 / 2015-01-27

[Feature] Add support/config for the puma application server

[Feature] Add metric reporting via StatsD

= 2.2.2 / 2015-01-27

[Feature] GUI update - sort the feature flags by name rather than ID

[Operations] Switch to using Airbrake::Sinatra for better error reporting

[Bugfix] Remove the use of Sequels .find_or_create method as we were seeing
'Sequel::UniqueConstraintViolation' errors

= 2.2.1 / 2014-10-16

Make "User Group" matches case in-sensitive

= 2.2.0 / 2014-10-07

[Feature] Bandiera _should_ now support all RDBMs supported by Sequel (note: we
ONLY test on MySQL at present)

Test suite now runs using an in-memory SQLite database

= 2.1.0 / 2014-07-03

[Feature] added capability to enable features for a percentage of users, this
can also be mixed in with 'user groups' so that selected approved users ALWAYS
see the feature, but for the rest of the user base, it is based on a percentage

Model layer switched to use Sequel::Model

= 2.0.0 / 2014-05-09

[Feature] added capability to selectivley enable features for specific
users/groups

[Feature] new v2 API (read-only) with support for new user groups features

[Feature] enable database configuration via a `DATABASE_URL` environment
variable

[Operations] allow error/exception reporting via Airbrake

[Bugfix] more stable database connections

[Deprecation] v1 API is now deprecated

= 1.0.0 / 2014-04-25

Initial tagging of 1.0.0 codebase
